Add main block warning to quickstarts (#923)
run-house/runhouse: docs/tutorials/quick-start-cloud.rst

this tutorial, which sets up and deploys the Python function to a local
server, rather than a remote cluster.

.. note::

>    Make sure that any code in your Python file that’s meant to only run
>    locally is placed within a ``if __name__ == "__main__":`` block.
>    Otherwise, the script code will run when Runhouse attempts to import
>    your code remotely. This is not necessary when using a notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure that any code in your Python file that’s meant to only run
   locally is placed within a ``if __name__ == "__main__":`` block.
   Otherwise, that code will run when Runhouse attempts to import
   your code remotely.  For example, you wouldn't 
   want `function.to(cluster)` to run again on the cluster.
   This is not necessary when using a notebook.
```
